:toc: left
:toclevels: 1

= Documentation Rest Controllers

== Acceptance Production Rest Controller
include::controllers/acceptance-production-rest-controller.adoc[]


== Acceptance Rest Controller
include::controllers/acceptance-rest-controller-test.adoc[]



== Address Rest Controller
include::controllers/address-rest-controller.adoc[]



== Agent Reports Rest Controller
include::controllers/agent-reports-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Attribute Of Calculation Object Rest Controller
include::controllers/attribute-of-calculation-object-rest-controller-test.adoc[]



== Balance Adjustment Rest Controller
include::controllers/balance-adjustment-rest-controller-test.adoc[]



== Bank Account Rest Controller
include::controllers/bank-account-rest-controller-test.adoc[]



== Company Rest Controller
include::controllers/company-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Contact Rest Controller
include::controllers/contact-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Contract Rest Controller
include::controllers/contract-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Contractor Group Rest Controller
include::controllers/contractor-group-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Correction Product Rest Controller
include::controllers/correction-product-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Correction Rest Controller
include::controllers/correction-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Currency Rest Controller
include::controllers/currency-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Department Rest Controller
include::controllers/department-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Employee Rest Controller
include::controllers/employee-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Image Rest Controller
include::controllers/image-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Internal Order Product Rest Controller
include::controllers/internal-order-product-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Internal Order Rest Controller
include::controllers/internal-order-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Inventarization Product Rest Controller
include::controllers/inventarization-product-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Inventarization Rest Controller
include::controllers/inventarization-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Invoice Product Rest Controller
include::controllers/invoice-product-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Invoice Rest Controller
include::controllers/invoice-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Legal Detail Rest Controller
include::controllers/legal-detail-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Movement Product Rest Controller
include::controllers/movement-product-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Movement Rest Controller
include::controllers/movement-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Mutual Set Elements Rest Controller
include::controllers/mutual-settlements-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Payment Rest Controller
include::controllers/payment-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Payout Rest Controller
include::controllers/payout-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Position Rest Controller
include::controllers/position-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Price List Rest Controller
include::controllers/price-list-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Product Group Rest Controller
include::controllers/product-group-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Production Rest Controller
include::controllers/production-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Product Price Rest Controller
include::controllers/product-price-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Product Rest Controller
include::controllers/product-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Project Rest Controller
include::controllers/project-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Purchase Control Rest Controller
include::controllers/purchase-control-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Remain Rest Controller
include::controllers/remain-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Request Production Rest Controller
include::controllers/requests-production-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Retail Sales Rest Controller
include::controllers/retail-sales-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Retail Store Rest Controller
include::controllers/retail-store-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Return to Supplier Rest Controller
include::controllers/return-to-supplier-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Role Rest Controller
include::controllers/role-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Supplier Account Rest Controller
include::controllers/supplier-account-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Task Comment Rest Controller
include::controllers/task-comment-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Task Rest Controller
include::controllers/task-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Tax System Rest Controller
include::controllers/tax-system-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Technical Card Group Rest Controller
include::controllers/technical-card-group-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Technical Card Rest Controller
include::controllers/technical-card-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Type of Contractor Rest Controller
include::controllers/type-of-contractor-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Type of Price Rest Controller
include::controllers/type-of-price-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Unit Rest Controller
include::controllers/unit-rest-controller-test.adoc[]


== Warehouse Rest Controller
include::controllers/warehouse-rest-controller-test.adoc[]

== Issued invoice Rest Controller
include::controllers/issued-invoice-rest-controller-test.adoc[]












= Rest convention
include::rest_conv.adoc[]